---
title: 'UTOSC 2008: Day 2'
author: herlo
layout: post
date: 2008-08-30T14:28:34+00:00
url: /2008/08/30/utosc-2008-day-2/
categories:
  - Community
  - Conferences
  - Fedora
  - Guru
  - News
  - Passion
  - Tech
  - UTOSC
tags:
  - Fedora
  - geekdinner
  - UTOSC
  - utosc2008

---
Day 2 seemed to be even smoother than day 1, much of the time, running around putting out little fires, but not too many.  I was the room manager for <a href="http://2008.utosc.com/presentation/121/" target="_blank">Paul's Fedora Remix</a> talk, quite enjoyed that, even though most of it I already knew.

I also got to enjoy both keynotes today.  Howard Tayler was quite entertaining with his bit about 'The Price is Right' and making content that doesn't suck.  <a href="http://2008.utosc.com/presentation/103/" target="_blank">Joe Brockmeier</a>'s keynote was a bit down to earth, yet had some very fun elements.  I really enjoyed the 'Dairy Council' idea for Linux that was brought up during the Q&A session.  It reminded me that I need to send him an email for a similar idea with community conferences.

The Fedora booth was going smoothly.  Unfortunately, Paul spent most of his time there, except for his presentation.  Jared Smith and Nathan Blackham helped out while he was gone.  Next year, I want to make sure that if we have Paul or Joe at our conference, they don't have to spend time in the booth.  It would seem they could help better in other ways.  Maybe I'm wrong?

In the evening, we headed out to <a href="http://www.tucanos.com/locations.html" target="_blank">Tucanos Brazilian Grill</a> at the Gateway for the UTOSC Geek/Blogger Dinner.  This dinner was a complement to UTOSC 2008 so some who weren't attendees showed up to join us.  I was able to purchase brazilian lemonades for the entire group.  Its so much fun spending time with geeks of my sort.  Both Paul and Joe were able to attend as well.

After we consumed large portions of meat, socialized and drank ourselves into a stupor, the group started to disperse.  A few of us decided to take light-rail home afterward, which was a nice departure from all of the driving I had done recently.  It also gave me an opportunity to spend a few more minutes with my sweetie, Jennifer.  She's been so great throughout.  I'm just happy to know she'll support me, and she said she had a lot of fun as well.

Many, many people came by the booths from what I saw.  I know the OLPC would be a big hit on Saturday, Family Day.  Time to get out the little fedora shirts and show off the coolness that is Fedora.

Cheers,

Herlo