---
title: 'UTOSC 2008: Day 1'
author: herlo
layout: post
date: 2008-08-29T18:07:45+00:00
url: /2008/08/29/utosc-2008-day-1/
categories:
  - Community
  - Conferences
  - Passion
  - Tech
tags:
  - 2008
  - UTOSC
  - utosc2008

---
So I was running pretty crazy last night at the first night of UTOSC 2008, but I wasn't that crazy.  Things went smoothly, I got most of the swag for the Fedora booth and enjoyed Paul's talk.

As the organizer (among others), I tend to be running around a lot, but this year, I've already seen 3 presentations, which is pretty good.  I enjoyed the Drupal presentation, Mac Newbold's Keynote and Paul Frields Fedora Keynote.

The registration booth was probably the biggest issue, but I'm happy about it now.  We need to be better at printing badges and I need to plan better regarding those sorts of things.

The Fedora and openSUSE booths were rocking, as were the Guru Labs, KnowledgeBlue and the Massage booth (yes, there's massages here, aren't you jealous?)

I'm excited to be in charge of a great group of volunteers this year.  And I think they've been the best thing for us this year.  Without them, we couldn't take on all the great things we have and I'm confident they've been the difference between a smooth conference of 500+ people and us running crazy and not getting most things done.  THANK YOU VOLUNTEERS, WE LOVE YOU!

Lastly, between the two keynotes last night, Jayce Hall announced a $1000 challenge grant to the <a href="http://theserenityfoundation.org/" target="_blank">Serenity Foundation</a> for the remainder of the conference.  That's today and tomorrow.  As the Utah Open Source Foundation, we felt <a href="http://www.phil801.com/wpblog/" target="_blank">Phil Burns</a> has been such a great motivator in the technology community, we wanted to give back.  So help us help Serenity and her foundation.  I was quite moved by Phil's reaction, and was very happy we could help.

Looking forward to finishing off Day 2 and participating with all of you.  And thank you all for making UTOSC 2008 such a great success!!