---
title: FAD NA Day 1
author: herlo
layout: post
date: 2008-10-13T05:47:03+00:00
url: /2008/10/12/fad-na-day-1/
categories:
  - Ambassadors
  - Collaboration
  - Community
  - Fedora
  - Tech
tags:
  - 2008
  - Ambassadors
  - fadna
  - Fedora

---
Well, after staying up until around 4am hacking (2am with David and Cade), I finally finished my presentations slides and went to sleep for a measly 3hrs 45mins.  But that was enough to get me through the rest of the day.  And what a day it was!

When I arrived downstairs just after 8am, people were setting up for FAD NA.  Jeffrey Tadlock had arrived and was loading the food in from the car.  Bagels, donuts, fruit, coffee and orange juice.  Nice array of foodstuffs for the morning.

My presentation went pretty well, we had fun with it and I really enjoyed the gag about the Ambassador Class Starship.  Unfortunately, I forgot to grab the vga cable for my projector so we couldn't use it but I did have pdfs of the slides online.

I brought up a lot of thoughts about how we should be ambassadors, how we should act and especially how important it is that we represent ourselves well to the community.  I talked a bit about the message we should spread and ways we can represent Fedora to the community.  I think it was well received by the ambassadors and I hope it made a good impression.

The rest of the day was very well focused, we made some serious progress in areas I wanted to see the progress as well as things I hadn't even considered.  Pascal was gracious enough to take notes and <a href="https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/FAD/FADNA2008#Meeting_Notes" target="_blank">place them online already</a>.  I learned a ton about how FAmSCo works and what we need to do as ambassadors to make sure they will provide us with the tools we need to spread the word about Fedora.

After a good long day, we cleaned up (most of us anyway) around 2pm and started heading out, though my flight wasn't until almost 8pm.  Brian Pepple, Jon Stanley and I headed to a coffee shop after dropping John Rose off at the airport and me shipping my projector and phone home.  It was a nice relaxing conversation.

**UPDATE:** Pictures are being uploaded as we speak to my <a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/herlo0/2938412817/in/photostream/" target="_blank">flickr account</a>